Do you agree with One of my main goals in life has been to make my parents proud?                                                     
Do you agree with When a mother works for pay, the children suffer?                                                                  
Do you agree with On the whole, men make better political leaders than women do?                                                     
Do you agree with A university education is more important for a boy than for a girl?                                                
Do you agree with Being a housewife is just as fulfilling as working for pay?                                                         
Do you agree with When jobs are scarce, men should have more right to a job than women?                                               
Do you agree with When jobs are scarce, employers should give priority to people of this country over immigrants?                    
Do you agree with If a woman earns more than her husband, it’s almost certain to cause problems?                                       
Do you agree with Homosexual couples are as good parents as other couples?                                                           
Do you agree with It is a duty towards society to have children?                                                                     
Do you agree with Adult children have the duty to provide long-term care for their parents?                                           
Do you agree with People who don’t turn lazy?                                                                                       
Do you agree with Work is a duty towards society?                                                                                   
Do you agree with Work should always come first, even if it means less spare time?                                                   
In terms of the effects of immigration on the development of your country, do you agree with Fills important jobs vacancies?          
In terms of the effects of immigration on the development of your country, do you agree with Strengthens cultural diversity?           
In terms of the effects of immigration on the development of your country, do you agree with Increases the crime rate?               
In terms of the effects of immigration on the development of your country, do you agree with Improves personal self-esteem?           
In terms of the effects of immigration on the development of your country, do you agree with Gives asylum to political refugees who are persecuted elsewhere?  
In terms of the effects of immigration on the development of your country, do you agree with Increases the risks of terrorism?        
In terms of the effects of immigration on the development of your country, do you agree with Offers help from poor countries a better living?                   
How frequently do the following things occur in your neighborhood: Robberies?                                                       
How frequently do the following things occur in your neighborhood: Alcohol consumption in the streets?                                
How frequently do the following things occur in your neighborhood: Police or military interference with people’s private life?        
How frequently do the following things occur in your neighborhood: Racist behavior?                                                  
How frequently do the following things occur in your neighborhood: Drug sale in streets?                                             
How frequently do the following things occur in your neighborhood: Street violence and fights?                                        
How frequently do the following things occur in your neighborhood: Sexual harassment?                                                
Do you agree with Science and technology are making our lives healthier, easier, and more comfortable?                               
Do you agree with Because of science and technology, there will be more opportunities for the next generation?                       
Do you agree with We depend too much on science and not enough on faith?                                                            
Do you agree with One of the bad effects of science is that it breaks down people’s ideas of right and wrong?                       
Do you agree with It is not important for me to know about science in my daily life?                                                  
Do you agree with When science and religion conflict, religion is always right?                                                      
Do you agree with The only acceptable religion is my religion?                                                                        
Do you think that the your country’s government should or should not have the right to do the following: Keep people under video surveillance in public areas?   
Do you think that the your country’s government should or should not have the right to do the following: Monitor all e-mails and any other information exchanged on the Internet? 
Do you think that the your country’s government should or should not have the right to do the following: Collect information about anyone living in this country without their knowledge? 
In your view, how often do the following things occur in this country’s elections: Votes are counted fairly?                          
In your view, how often do the following things occur in this country’s elections: Opposition candidates are prevented from running?  
In your view, how often do the following things occur in this country’s elections: TV news favors one governing party?                
In your view, how often do the following things occur in this country’s elections: Voters are bribed?                               
In your view, how often do the following things occur in this country’s elections: Journalists provide fair coverage of elections?    
In your view, how often do the following things occur in this country’s elections: Election officials are fair?                      
In your view, how often do the following things occur in this country’s elections: Election officials help people buy elections?    
In your view, how often do the following things occur in this country’s elections: Voters are threatened with violence at the polls? 
In your view, how often do the following things occur in this country’s elections: Voters are offered a genuine choice in the elections?
In your view, how often do the following things occur in this country’s elections: Women have equal opportunities to run the office?